# ComputerGraphics

Designing a 3D scene was completely new to me. Learning to create the objects and then place them in relation to each other was a fun challenge. During this process, I created each object start to finish, including textures, and then changed the location of the objects until they were place where I wanted them to go. This project taught me how to create and texture shapes, and how to look at an image and recreate it in a 3D world. This is a valuable new skill that I am grateful for the opportunity to learn.

As far as development strategies, I used more modularization than I typically do, implementing the sphere.h and cylinder.cpp. This is incredibly useful in reducing the amount of code and is something that I will work on incorporating in to future work. The iteration is used to render the world and change the view based on camera movement. At the beginning of this course, I had no idea what I was doing, just desperate to create code that would build without failure. Throughout the module assignements, I was able to progressively do more than the bare minimum, and by the final project I had created a well-organized functioning code.

While I don't plan on having a future in graphics design, this class has given me a refresher in how to write in C++ and build code without logic or syntax errors. I have finally put some of that linear algebra to use in working with matrices to create shapes, and have gained a vast amount of knowledge of OpenGL in general. In the beginning of this course, I learned A LOT about successfully including and linking libraries that are beneficial to making the project run successfully. This skill should be increadibly useful to me througout my educational work in Visual Studios.
